Hi.
Welcome.
Now, what we can as well do is we can have a button over here so that when a user clicks on it, it
can then take the user back to the screen.
Okay, that to do this, we're gonna need to go back to our visit code.
Now first of all we're going to get rid of this made us amendment center.
And the reason for this is we're going to have another widget.
And this might cause an overflow error.
Right.
Okay.
And now are going to need to use control and this to safe.
You can see this is going to go back to the top.
Okay.
Now we can either use a widget for this button or we can create the button from scratch.
So over here, we're going to need to add a comma and we can have a container.
Okay.
Now, first of all, we're gonna give this boat any height and a weight.
The weight us to do, it's our weight, but it's going to be the height as to do it.
How long is going to be.
Now, since we're going to be using a widget that's half a button, we do not actually need that heights.
The height is going to come from the widget whatsoever, going to be use it.
Okay, so we can just give a weight to the bottom.
That is our weight is going to be we can give a weight of 50.
Okay.
We can now decide the child is going to be a raised button.
They can seize depreciated, but you can as well just use it or better see you can create boats from
scratch.
You're to know how to do that.
Right?
Okay.
For the oppressed.
Look at this.
And now we can arbitrary the cover, which is going to be a child.
But the child is going to be a test.
Which is.
We should look at the say chop shop now.
Okay.
I do try to cover and use control and assistive.
You can see it over here.
Now, you can see the width of the button is way too small.
So what you're going to do is rebel against the weight of the screen.
To do that, you're going to need to get rid of this 50.
Then you're going to see media.
Query.
Gets off contest, does size, does tweet.
So by doing this, we're going to get the weight of our screen.
They use control and that's to save.
Okay.
Because he's way too big.
He's way too wide.
Right.
So what we can do is we can say we want to -40.
From its.
Okay.
Great.
Now to this day, we're going to do it as we can.
This was bought in as a property, not as color.
You can see colors, just pink.
Other tinkerers.
Okay.
Now, we can also make this have around this ship, this raise button, as well as a property known
as ship.
Smith is going to be around that.
Rectangle border.
And we can give it whether we use.
There's going to be better videos this cycle or maybe 20.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Great.
Now we can give.
Okay.
Now, what you're going to need to do is we can make this test center.
I think it's already set up.
Okay.
Just make sure it's at the center so we can wrap it with the center widget and we can give some side
to this.
Test, I.
First of all, they're just going to change the color.
Two colors, the white.
And that's all we can give it from tweets.
Often its.
That's Davis, isn't it?
We don't want it to be bullets that much.
Okay.
Now.
Go check it out.
Okay.
I think this is way too close to this so we can.
Then give your size books to this size works.
Though I give it the space vertically so there's going to be height.
Hides.
Of ten.
Oh, we can just go with 15 addition cover use culture necessary.
Okay.
Now we can take this a bit to the middle.
Not to do that.
That gives a reason to margin.
I know that's our process of the margin.
Regular needs to be content.
Okay.
So what are going to do is we can add lights and use controlled dot then rough which contain that.
So by doing this, we now have access to the part in margin hides and all that.
So we can just have imagine there's going to be a hedge is sets.
That's all.
Sorry.
I just used it only for the top 80.
Okay.
Youth culture and excessive.
Great.
Or probably we can just see 90.
Okay.
Great.
I think this is fine.
Right.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.